Update upgrade.rst (#3562)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/upgrade.rst

.. important::
  Review the :doc:`important-upgrade-notes` to make sure you are aware of any actions you need to take before or after upgrading from your particular version.
  
.. important::

>   If you're upgrading from a version older than 5.0 be sure to also modify your service file to work with the binary changes introduced with 5.0. Your execution directory should point to the Mattermost base directory (i.e. `/opt/mattermost`) and your binary should point to the `mattermost` binary (i.e. `/opt/mattermost/bin/mattermost`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you're upgrading from a version prior to v5.0 be sure to also modify your service file to work with the binary changes introduced with 5.0. Your execution directory should point to the Mattermost base directory (i.e. `/opt/mattermost`) and your binary should point to the `mattermost` binary (i.e. `/opt/mattermost/bin/mattermost`).
```
